# lift-model

## Description of the program
Program lift.cpp simulates a lift moving in response to requests generated by
pressing the required floor button. The lift moves between floors in one
second, if someone enters or exits on the current floor, the lift stops for one second with
open doors, and then moves on. Also, the lift has a direction indicator, it shows
which direction the lift is going to move next.

A person standing on the floor enters the lift if and only if the lift is on
on the floor of the call with the doors open not earlier than the moment of the call and the direction indicator indicates
where this person needs. A person exits the lift as soon as it stops on the desired floor and opens the doors.

### Input format

The program reads input from the file input.txt. The first line should contain two numbers -
the number of floors in the building and the number of lift calls. The following lines should describe requests
in the chronological order, three numbers per line - the second when lift call button was pressed, the floor of the 
call and the destination floor (floors are numbered from one).

### Output format

The program outputs the sequence of actions of the lift to the file output.txt. Each line displays one
second in the following format:

`second` --- `the floor where the lift is located` `direction indicator` `doors open or closed`

The direction indicator is indicated by the symbol:
- "^" up
- "v" down
- "-" does not move

If the doors are closed, the line "\]\[" is displayed, and if the doors are open "\[\_\]".
